Finalize documentation (#210)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F14-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* Only full words will be matched e.g. `ByteDance` will not match `ByteDances`.
* Applications matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Google Shopee` will match `Shopee HQ` and `Google Singapore`.
* `find` command is also able to search for archived applications with matching keywords and  `retrieve` command can be used on the last shown list. However, please ensure that the index provided is within the last shown list and the selected application is archived.

> * `find` command will not affect the interview list shown in GUI. Please use `list` or `list-archive` command to ensure the interview list is sync to the application list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `find` command will not affect the interview list shown in GUI. Please use `list` or `list-archive` command to ensure the interview list is synced to the application list.
```

### Showing the statistics of applications: `stats`

* Shows the statistics of applications (e.g. number of each application status, interviews, archived applications etc.). 
* All the statistics counts include the archived applications.

> * The interview count shows from the stats command does not related to the `interview` status tag. It shows the actual interviews associates with the applications in CinternS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The interview count shown from the `stats` command does not relate to the `interview` status tag. It shows the number of actual interviews associated with the applications in CinternS.
```
